Add llms.txt to docs site (#94)
redpanda-data/docs-site: home/modules/ROOT/attachments/llms.txt

# Redpanda Documentation

> The Redpanda documentation site provides comprehensive resources for understanding, deploying, and managing Redpanda, a high-performance Kafka®-compatible streaming data platform. It includes guides, API references, tutorials, and best practices for self-managed and cloud deployments.

## Overview

> Redpanda Documentation serves both new and experienced users, offering detailed technical resources across Redpanda's product suite.

Author: ```suggestion
Redpanda docs serves both new and experienced users, offering detailed technical resources across Redpanda's product suite.
```

> - **[Redpanda Self-Managed](https://docs.redpanda.com/current/):** Deploy and manage Redpanda in your environment for ultimate control, high performance, and fault tolerance with Kafka compatibility and advanced enterprise features like Tiered Storage.

Author: It would certainly be more consistent

> - **[Redpanda Cloud](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/):** Simplify streaming with a fully managed service. Choose Serverless for scalability, BYOC for data sovereignty, or Dedicated clusters for performance isolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Redpanda Cloud](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/):** Simplify streaming with a fully-managed service: Serverless, Bring Your Own Cloud (BYOC), or Dedicated. Serverless is the fastest and easiest way to start data streaming. Choose BYOC for full data sovereignty.
```

> - **[Redpanda Connect](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-connect/):** Effortlessly integrate data across systems with 270+ prebuilt connectors, Change Data Capture (CDC), and YAML-configurable workflows, available as a standalone or with Redpanda Self-Managed.

Author: ```suggestion
- **[Redpanda Connect](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-connect/):** Effortlessly integrate data across systems with hundreds of prebuilt connectors, change data capture (CDC) capabilities, and YAML-configurable workflows. Available as a standalone solution or as part of Redpanda Self-Managed, Redpanda Connect empowers organizations to build scalable, high-performance data pipelines with minimal complexity.
```

> - **[Redpanda Connect](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-connect/):** Effortlessly integrate data across systems with 270+ prebuilt connectors, Change Data Capture (CDC), and YAML-configurable workflows, available as a standalone or with Redpanda Self-Managed.

Reviewer: in fact, I just saw us list 280 in marketing

> - **[Redpanda Connect](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-connect/):** Effortlessly integrate data across systems with 270+ prebuilt connectors, Change Data Capture (CDC), and YAML-configurable workflows, available as a standalone or with Redpanda Self-Managed.

Author: Updated to 'hundreds'. Should be OK until we have thousands 😄

- [Redpanda concepts](https://docs.redpanda.com/current/get-started/architecture): Deep-dive into key concepts like Tiered Storage, partitions, replication, and data streaming architecture.

## Deployment guides

- [Redpanda Self-Managed](https://docs.redpanda.com/current/deploy/): Install and configure Redpanda and Redpanda Console in self-hosted environments, including production best practices. Choose from Linux (bare-metal) or Kubernetes deployment instructions.
- [Redpanda Cloud](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/get-started/cluster-types): Guides for using Redpanda Cloud across Serverless, BYOC, and Dedicated options.
- [Redpanda Connect](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-connect): Standalone documentation for deploying and managing Redpanda Connect, with or without Redpanda.

## rpk CLI

Learn about `rpk`, the comprehensive command-line interface tool for managing Redpanda clusters.

- [rpk documentation for Redpanda Self-Managed](https://docs.redpanda.com/current/reference/rpk/rpk-commands)
- [rpk documentation for Redpanda Cloud](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/reference/rpk/rpk-commands)

## Redpanda Console

> - [About Redpanda Console](https://docs.redpanda.com/current/console): Learn about Redpanda's Kafka UI for managing topics, partitions, and consumer groups.

Reviewer: @Jake I haven't seen the term "Kafka UI" in our docs. Should this be: "Learn about the Redpanda UI..."

Reviewer: oh never mind, see it's already merged!
